README.md, before:

# Zapr

A command line tool that:

* Launches [OWASP ZAP](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Zed_Attack_Proxy_Project)
* Spiders the target URL
* Scans the responses for a variety of vulnerabilities
* Presents the results either as a human friendly table or as JSON

Note that you need to [install OWASP ZAP](https://code.google.com/p/zaproxy/wiki/Downloads?tm=2) before using Zapr.

[![Dependency
Status](https://gemnasium.com/garethr/zapr.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/garethr/zapr)
[![Gem
Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/zapr.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/zapr)
[![Code
Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/garethr/zapr.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/garethr/zapr)

## Usage

```
zapr http://example.com/
```

The above will output a JSON document of all the alerts for you to do
with as you choose. Note the environment variable setting the location
of the ZAP script.  Alternatively output a nicely formatted table:

```
zapr --summary http://example.com/
```

If in doubt enable the full debugging output to see what is going on
under the hood.

```
zapr --debug http://example.com/
```

The full usage instructions are as follows:

```
Usage:
    zapr [OPTIONS] TARGET

Parameters:
    TARGET                        Web address to scan and attack with ZAP

Options:
    --debug                       More verbose output (default: false)
    --summary                     Output a summary of the results instead of JSON (default: false)
    --zap-path PATH               Path to zap.sh startup script (default: $ZAP_PATH)
    --timeout TIMEOUT             Timeout for spider and scan (default: $ZAPR_TIMEOUT, or 300)
    -h, --help                    print help
```



## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'zapr'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install zapr

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( http://github.com/garethr/zapr/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

include details of zapr-example

README.md, after:

# Zapr

A command line tool that:

* Launches [OWASP ZAP](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Zed_Attack_Proxy_Project)
* Spiders the target URL
* Scans the responses for a variety of vulnerabilities
* Presents the results either as a human friendly table or as JSON

Note that you need to [install OWASP ZAP](https://code.google.com/p/zaproxy/wiki/Downloads?tm=2) before using Zapr.

[![Dependency
Status](https://gemnasium.com/garethr/zapr.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/garethr/zapr)
[![Gem
Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/zapr.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/zapr)
[![Code
Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/garethr/zapr.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/garethr/zapr)

## Usage

```
zapr http://example.com/
```

The above will output a JSON document of all the alerts for you to do
with as you choose. Note the environment variable setting the location
of the ZAP script.  Alternatively output a nicely formatted table:

```
zapr --summary http://example.com/
```

If in doubt enable the full debugging output to see what is going on
under the hood.

```
zapr --debug http://example.com/
```

The full usage instructions are as follows:

```
Usage:
    zapr [OPTIONS] TARGET

Parameters:
    TARGET                        Web address to scan and attack with ZAP

Options:
    --debug                       More verbose output (default: false)
    --summary                     Output a summary of the results instead of JSON (default: false)
    --zap-path PATH               Path to zap.sh startup script (default: $ZAP_PATH)
    --timeout TIMEOUT             Timeout for spider and scan (default: $ZAPR_TIMEOUT, or 300)
    -h, --help                    print help
```

## Example

An example of Zapr running on
[Travis](https://travis-ci.org/garethr/zapr-example) against
[Railsgoat](https://github.com/OWASP/railsgoat) can be found at
[garethr/zapr-example](https://github.com/garethr/zapr-example).


## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'zapr'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install zapr

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( http://github.com/garethr/zapr/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
